Wordcamp docker (#113)
WordPress/wordcamp.org: .docker/readme.md

> If you'd like to only setup WordCamp.org and would like to use Docker, you can use inbuilt docker provisioning. Please follow these steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow these steps to setup WordCamp.org using [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).
```

`SHOULD` - Now that this is in a separate file, the if you'd like too... seems like an artifact leftover from when this sentence was next to one referring to the Meta Environment. If they're loading this file, we can assume they just want the Docker process.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/41867e7168934f7be3093a8ade78a9c1d3604520

**Note:** This will create `.docker/database` directory which will contain MySQL files to persist data across docker restarts.

1. Make sure you have Docker installed and Docker daemon running on your system.

1. Clone the repo: 
    ```
    git clone git@github.com:WordPress/wordcamp.org.git
    ```

> 1. Change into the directory, and run docker compose command. This could take some time depending upon the internet speed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Change into the directory, and run Docker's `compose` command. This could take some time depending upon the speed of your Internet connection.
```

`SHOULD` (or something similar)

Author: Done in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/41867e7168934f7be3093a8ade78a9c1d3604520

    ```
    cd wordcamp.org && docker-compose up --build
    ```

>      This will also start the docker environment for WordCamp.org development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This will also start the docker environment for WordCamp.org development. This command will continue running as long as the environment is running.
```

`SHOULD` - At first I got tripped up because I didn't realize that that command was supposed to run indefinitely. I expected it to finish and return me to the shell, similar to a `vagrant up`, but it just sat there after starting MySQL for several minutes before I got it.

`MIGHT` - It'd also be nice to provide a way to just load the container when the user logins in to their OS account, rather than having to manually start it and leave it running in a terminal which then can't be used for anything else.

Author: Default provisioning command are now changed in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60 to exit when its complete, instances will keep on running in background. 

That command can also be now added to host's startup script to keep the Docker service running.

Reviewer: 👍

Reviewer: > That command can also be now added to host's startup script to keep the Docker service running.

I'll look into that when I make the switch, and then add instructions to the README.

     
1. Add the following resolutions to your host file:
    ```
    127.0.0.1	central.wordcamp.test
    127.0.0.1	wordcamp.test
    127.0.0.1	2014.content.wordcamp.test
    127.0.0.1	2014.misc.wordcamp.test
    127.0.0.1	2014.new-site.wordcamp.test
    ```
    

>     `/wp-admin` pages for these sites should now be accessible. Use `admin` as username and `password` as password to login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `/wp-admin` pages for these sites should now be accessible. Use `admin` as username and `password` as password to login. Front end pages will not be accessible until you complete the remaining steps.
```

`SHOULD`

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60

    
    **Note:** `https` URL scheme must be used to visit these sites. Security exception will be required in first time run.
    

> 1. Basic installation comes without themes and with only very basic plugins. Add plugins and themes which are installed in wordcamp.org if needed like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation doesn't have any 3rd-party plugins or themes yet, you must add them like so:
```

`SHOULD` - it seems like the previous explanation is an artifact from before this step became required.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60

>     1. Find the docker which is running WordCamp. It will start with `wordcamporg_wordcamp.test` and will most likely be `wordcamporg_wordcamp.test_1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     1. Find the WordCamp container by running `docker ps`. It will be named similar to `wordcamp-docker_wordcamp.test_1`
```

`SHOULD` - this will help them find the exact name quickly if they're new to docker

Author: Changed the default scripts in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60. 

This can be done by using `docker-compose exec wordcamp.test bash`

Reviewer: Nice! That's much better.

    
    1. Go inside this docker:
    

>        **Note:** You might need to change `wordcamporg_wordcamp.test_1` to whatever is docker name in your setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

`SHOULD` - This probably isn't needed if we provide them `docker ps` above

Author: Changed in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60

        ```bash
           docker exec -it wordcamporg_wordcamp.test_1 bash
        ```
    
    1. Run predefined command for installing plugins and themes. This could take some time depending on your internet connection:
        ```bash

>            sh install-plugin-theme.sh

Reviewer: `MIGHT` - I'm getting some warnings:

```sh
> docker exec -it wordcamp-docker_wordcamp.test_1 bash
root@878d69d889f9:/usr/src/public_html# sh install-plugin-theme.sh
Installing plugins
Installing Akismet Anti-Spam (4.1.2)
Downloading installation package from https://downloads.wordpress.org/plugin/akismet.4.1.2.zip...
The authenticity of akismet.4.1.2.zip could not be verified as no signature was found.
************ ^
Unpacking the package...
Installing the plugin...
Plugin installed successfully.
```

I've never seen that before. It could be related to the 5.2 package signing stuff? Not sure.

Author: 🤔 Looks like it.

Reviewer: 👍 Probably nothing for us to worry about here, then.

        ```
        

>     1. Activate plugin or apply theme as needed.

Reviewer: `MUST` - Shouldn't the default DB already have them activated?

Author: It is. removed this line. https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60

Reviewer: 👍

    
1. By default, docker will start with data defined in `.docker/wordcamp_dev.sql` and changes to data will be persisted across runs in `.docker/database`. To start with different database, delete `.docker/database` directory and replace the `.docker/wordcamp_dev.sql` file and run `docker-compose up --build` again.

> 1. Note that if you want to work on WordCamp blocks, [you would have to install all the node dependencies](../public_html/wp-content/mu-plugins/blocks/readme.md). This can be done either inside, or even from outside the Docker.

Reviewer: `SHOULD` - can this be automated in the install plugin script? If so that should maybe be renamed to `post-compose.sh` or something.

There's probably some other stuff that needs to be built, like the Application Tracker.

Author: Having a separate that automatically does all this is a good idea, but perhaps it should not be part of this PR, because it can also be used in VVV (or any other) setup. I will open an issue to track it before merging. What do you think?

Reviewer: 👍

Author: Raised https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/issues/122

After first time provisioning, docker can be started by using `docker-compose up` command from inside the directory. 

> Once the Docker instance has started, you can visit [2014.content.wordcamp.org](2014.content.wordcamp.org) to view a sample WordCamp site. WordCamp central would be [central.wordcamp.test](central.wordcamp.test). You can also visit [localhost:1080](localhost:1080) to view the MailCatcher dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the Docker instance has started, you can visit [2014.content.wordcamp.org](2014.content.wordcamp.org) to view a sample WordCamp site. WordCamp central would be [central.wordcamp.test](central.wordcamp.test). You can also visit [localhost:1080](localhost:1080) to view the MailCatcher dashboard.

To stop the WordCamp container, press `ctrl + c` in the terminal window that's running the `docker-compose` command.
```

`MUST` - Otherwise new Docker users won't know how to close it. I'm not sure if `ctrl-c` is the recommended way, or if there's something better that shuts it down gracefully.

Author: Instructions are now changed, so this is not a problem anymore because `compose` command will automatically exit using `-d` flag. To stop the container use `docker-compose stop`. This is documented in https://github.com/WordPress/wordcamp.org/pull/113/commits/ac11b763700e157d761baedda4253bf3722d6e60
